{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh10300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
I took out the 
\f1\b original model (all time-series)
\f0\b0  and also 
\f1\b time-sliced LAI ( 2071-2100
\f0\b0  for each GCM under SSP585) outputs here. \
\

\f1\b *.out files : original model (all time-series)
\f0\b0 \
For original model output files, the names contain \'93GCM\'94  + \'93_SSP585\'94+ \'93lai.out\'94. These are the modelled LAI for the whole time-series. For the file \'93CanESM5_SSP585_lai.out\'94, it includes the annual outputs of LAI for each gridcell in the study domain over the period 
\f1\b 1850-2100
\f0\b0 . For the other two *.out files, it only print out the outputs for one historical year (i.e., 2014) together with the future period, i,e, 
\f1\b 2015-2100,
\f0\b0  as they share the same historical output as in CanESM5_SSP585_lai.out. You will find the outputs for the year 2014 are the same across the three out files.\
\
        Column 4-19 are for natural PFTs;\
        Columns 20-26 are for peatland PFTs.\
        Column \'93Total\'94 is the total LAI for each grid cell.\
        Column \'93Natural sum\'94 and \'93Peatland sum\'94 are the summed LAI for natural and peatland respectively.  The values of these two columns multiplied with grid cell landcover fractions (i.e., Natural and peatland fractions) give us the Total LAI. You can find the landcover fractions in this provided file: 
\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 lpj_global_gridlist_with_peatfrac.txt 
\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\

\f1\b *.txt files : time-sliced LAI (2071-2100)
\f0\b0 \
For time-sliced LAI output files, the names contain:  \'93GCM\'94 + \'93_SSP585\'94+\'94lai2071to2100.txt\'94. These are the averaged LAI for period 2071-2100. The columns are modelled FPC/LAI for each PFT. \
        Column 3-18 are for natural PFTs;\
        Columns 19-25 are for peatland PFTs.\
        Column \'93Total\'94 is the total LAI for each grid cell.\
        Column \'93Natural sum\'94 and \'93Peatland sum\'94 are the summed LAI for natural and peatland respectively.  The values of these two columns multiplied with grid cell landcover fractions (i.e., Natural and peatland fractions) give us the Total LAI. You can find the landcover fractions in this provided file: 
\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 lpj_global_gridlist_with_peatfrac.txt 
\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\

\f1\b gridlist45N_tundraboreal.txt
\f0\b0 : includes 
\f1\b longitudes and latitudes
\f0\b0  of these simulated grid cells over tundra and boreal biomes.\

\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 lpj_global_gridlist_with_peatfrac.txt
\f0\b0 : global natural and peatland fraction dataset we used (
\f1\b landcover)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 lai1971to2000.txt
\f0\b0 : time sliced averaged LAI for 
\f1\b historical period 1971-2000
\f0\b0 . (Thought which might be interested for you to see the LAI changes from the same model)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
   \
\
}